well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight's gonna be one of the
few nights you're gonna find links in
the description the topic tonight is
something I don't think most Americans
know and I don't think most Americans
are gonna want to believe so I'm going
to provide links when I normally don't
and the links will not be the wild
websites they will be to the US Naval
Institute places like that places that
would actually have a vested interest in
saying what I'm about to say is a lie
but they're not going to they're going
to tell you it's true so in 1970 on June
24th that's today the Senate rescinded
repealed the gulf of tonkin resolution
the gulf of tonkin resolution was the
authorization for the Vietnam War
basically didn't do any good for them to
repeal it but it was a nice symbolic
gesture okay so this resolution was
enacted because of the Gulf of Tonkin
incident most people most Americans
understand the North Vietnamese attacked
one of our destroyers we had no choice
but to respond okay so this is what
really happened operation DeSoto was
running I think in the beginning was
minesweepers but in early 1963 US
destroyer started running these routes
and it was ship-borne spying they were
gathering intelligence on the North
Vietnamese from these ships running up
and down the coast at the same time
DoD and the CIA were running something
called a plan 34 a it was based out of
Danang was a bunch of seals Marine Corps
guys and some civilians who were
training South Vietnamese troops in
unconventional warfare putting them on
ships or little boats that DoD had given
them sending them north to North Vietnam
having them insert and do commando style
raids the insertions didn't go very well
the guys kept getting killed or captured
or turned so they started just keeping
it right near the shore these two things
were occurring at the same time in the
same area although it is not in any of
the documents that have been
Declassified so far
DoD certainly should have understood
that if there's a US destroyer present
and then there's an attack the North
Vietnamese are going to link the two
especially if it happens more than once
on August 2nd the Maddox was attacked
the day before a planned 34 a blew up a
radio transmitter it was a it was a
response to that attack that's why the
North Vietnamese attacked that alone
wasn't justification for war though they
needed another one and they got it on
August 4th and this was a crazy crazy
incident the Maddox expended hundreds of
rounds during this battle against fish
they were shooting at sonar echoes there
never was a second attack didn't exist
in the administration knew it the NSA
actually helped them fabricate evidence
to support the idea that there was an
attack even though there wasn't
that was the justification for the
Vietnam War something that never
happened
when senior members of an administration
attempt to justify a war that just
doesn't seem right and doesn't seem to
make sense pay attention this is one
that is completely verifiable that they
knew they were being less than truthful
about it killed tens of thousands of
Americans and hundreds of thousands if
not millions of Vietnamese this is all
declassified it's not a secret anymore
the Vietnam War was based on a lie all
of those graves were filled over a lie
that monument that wall is there because
of a lie and because well Americans
chose to support the troops rather than
support the truth next time you watch
platoon full-metal-jacket Apocalypse Now
whatever remember that none of it had
that happened and we run across this all
the time now as administration's search
for pretexts for war that was the
important thing about tying our and
al-qaeda the authorization for the use
of military force that came out after
9/11 authorized attacks against any
state that was helping al Qaeda so if
they could time to that then they
wouldn't need any more approval they
could just roll with it
that's why it was so important that's
why they did it
it's just it's something that we need to
keep in mind it is something that we
definitely need to be aware of because
it hasn't stopped since Vietnam this has
happened again and again now we don't
have the declassified documents to prove
it yet but just like in this case
they'll show up and it'll be you know so
long that those that were affected by it
those who lost their friends are too old
nobody cares about it anymore it's
ancient history the worst war in
American history was fought over a lie
was made up and it's it's admitted now
that they manufactured it as we move
through the next year or so
I think that's going to be really
important to remember anyway it's just a
fault
you'll have a good night